Question 14: [-2]: It appears that the classifier doesn't do well in general. The ratio of correctly predicted observations to the total observations is 0.543.  Keep in mind that while accuracy is a great measure it is only so when we have symmetric datasets where the values of false positive and false negative are almost the same. Therefore, we need to consider other parameters such as precision, recall, and f-measure before evaluating the performance of the model. 

The ratio of correctly predicted positive observations, for example, predicting class 2 for samples belonging to class 2, to the total predicted positive observations (precision) is significantly higher for class 2. The classifier seems to be doing well identifying samples belonging to class 2. About 78% of the reviews that were predicted to be neutral are actually neutral. 

As for other classes:
    1. Approximately 54% of the reviews that were predicted to be somewhat negative were actually somewhat negative.
    2. 35% of the reviews that were predicted to be somewhat positive were actually somewhat positive.
    3. Only 6% of the reviews that were marked negative were actually negative. 
    4. Only 3% of the reviews that were predicted positive were actually positive. 

The ratio of correctly predicted positive observations, for example, predicting class 3 for samples belonging to class 3, to all observations in the actual class, say 3 (recall) is again significantly higher for class 2. Of all the reviews actually belonging to class 2 (neutral), we managed to identify 73% of them. For other classes, the recall is 40%, 8%, 18%, and 22% for classes 0, 1, 3, and 4, respectively. 

The weighted average of precision and recall (f-measure), which is usually more useful as a measure than accuracy, especially with an uneven class distribution, is still much better for reviews belonging to class 2 (neutral) at 76%. Classes belonging to classes 0, 1, 3, and 4 have their f-measure at 10%, 14%, 24%, and 5% respectively. 

Class 2 (neutral reviews) is clearly the class that the classifier is predicting much better than other classes.
